# SylGuide
Gradually the world has become globalized. The Uses of smartphones, laptops &amp; tablets is growing religiously. Because of globalization, people nowadays can fulfil their desires, wishes &amp; needs easily. Keeping their wishes and desires on our mind, we have designed this project. Our project is SYLGUIDE. This Project is web based and will be developed as a 4th year project. The aim is to design and develop a project to produce a guidance for the residence and specially the tourists of Sylhet city, which can eﬃciently guide the people who lives and comes here for many different purposes such as religious, study, treatment, travelling, business etc. Due to its natural beauty many domestic and international tourists visit here throughout the year and therefore visit different places of natural beauty and history of the city. However, being new in the city, the travelers may face different types of problems including limited transportation information, problems in communicating or understanding local language and so on.  The “SylGuide” website is basically a city guide that can be used to locate and cover all your destinations, get more accurate information needed for decision making, providing several services in different sectors like hospitals, restaurants, hotels, transportations and tour sights. The tourists or the locals can use this guide for diﬀerent purposes like searching a location, calculate distance between two locations, getting basic textual information, pictorial information of location which is quite a difficult task and time consuming to ﬁnd in Google
